Getting Started with Declarative Gradle and Subsite (#63)
gradle/declarative-gradle: ROADMAP.md

# Declarative Gradle Roadmap

Declarative Gradle is an experimental project under active development.
Below, you can see the key milestones we anticipate.
All the dates and the scope are aspirational.

> To  discuss the roadmap and the related initiatives, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discuss the roadmap and the related initiatives, use the
```

`#declarative-gradle` channel on the [Gradle Community Slack](https://gradle.org/slack-invite)

## Project Board

> We have a [project board](https://github.com/orgs/gradle/projects/96) published on GitHub Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have a [project board](https://github.com/orgs/gradle/projects/96) published on GitHub Projects.
```

> It captures the main initiatives and EPICs in this project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It captures the main initiatives and epics in this project.
```
💭 I thought EPIC was an initialism here.

## Key Milestones

### First Alpha Release

> Scope: Declarative Gradle can be evaluated with limited functionality and with support from the team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scope: Declarative Gradle is available for evaluation with limited functionality and support from the team.
```

This includes:

> the alpha release of the Declarative Gradle plugins,

Reviewer 2: 💭 bulleted list here?

Author: I would not do that, unless we can reference items

basic integrations, demos, and documentation.
In this release, our primary focus is Android development,
but we keep in mind classic Java and Kotlin use cases,
as well as Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP).

- [Planned Issues (milestone)](https://github.com/gradle/declarative-gradle/milestone/1)
- [Prototypes](./unified-prototype/README.md)

### Public Early Access Release (EAP)

The first version is ready for broad external evaluation and feedback.

> That includes making the Declarative Gradle plugins functional for core use cases and

Reviewer 2: This is unclear to me.  Is this trying to say that saying evaluation includes making the plugins function for core use cases?  Or that the plugins are already functional as of the EAP and are ready for evaluation?  I think the first of these is truer than the second one.

Author: ```suggestion
That includes making the Declarative Gradle plugins functional for core use cases, while this work is likely to continue after the milestone, and
```

Added clarification

having Early-Access IDE Support in Android Studio.

- [Planned Issues (milestone)](https://github.com/gradle/declarative-gradle/milestone/2)

> ### Public Beta

Author: ```suggestion
### Public Alpha
```

Should the experiments and the EAP release be successful,
we intend to address the feedback over the summer and to release
a public Beta version in Autumn 2024.

### Public Release

> It is to be scheduled depending on adoption and evaluation feedback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be scheduled depending on adoption and evaluation feedback.
```
